README.md, before:

# Vivaldi_Mods 
What is Vivaldi? A [new browser](https://vivaldi.com) launched several years ago based on Blink (a great engine) to be the spirtual successor of Opera [Presto] which development was halted.
Where all browser now tends to look alike the same, Vivaldi point to be unique.

In this small repo I'll list the mods I currently use on Vivaldi Browser but before doing anything please READ the [help](https://forum.vivaldi.net/topic/10549/modding-vivaldi?page=1) guide ;)

**Please note: I'm not a developer but just a community user.**
You agree to use anything contained here at your own risk.


# Custom.css Readme
Currently updated on [Vivaldi 3.0 RC3](https://forum.vivaldi.net/topic/45884/vivaldi-3-0-rc-3-vivaldi-desktop-browser-snapshot-1874-22?page=1)

The custom.css is tailored around my Vivaldi installation. However most the code is meant to be universal. Just take the parts you need.


# Credits
* Addressfield progress bar made by @raed (Vivaldi community user) which don't seems to be on the forum anymore
* Jvascript are usually taken from other users you can find the useful links and [credits](https://github.com/Hadden89/Vivaldi_mods/blob/master/Javascript_mods.md) here ;)
* Sync2toolbar.js is made for vertical tabs only! **Won't work with** tabs on top/bottom!
* Status bar on top mod made with the help of [potmeklecbohdan](https://forum.vivaldi.net/user/potmeklecbohdan)
* Vbutton.js is made with the help of [Luetage](https://github.com/luetage/vivaldi_modding/), tnx dude =)

Commit message:

add link to modding forum

README.md, after:

# Vivaldi_Mods 
What is Vivaldi? A [new browser](https://vivaldi.com) launched several years ago based on Blink (a great engine) to be the spirtual successor of Opera [Presto] which development was halted.
Where all browser now tends to look alike the same, Vivaldi point to be unique.

In this small repo I'll list the mods I currently use on Vivaldi Browser but before doing anything please READ the [help](https://forum.vivaldi.net/topic/10549/modding-vivaldi?page=1) guide ;)

**Please note: I'm not a developer but just a community user.**
You agree to use anything contained here at your own risk.


# Custom.css Readme
Currently updated on [Vivaldi 3.0 RC3](https://forum.vivaldi.net/topic/45884/vivaldi-3-0-rc-3-vivaldi-desktop-browser-snapshot-1874-22?page=1)

The custom.css is tailored around my Vivaldi installation. However most the code is meant to be universal. 
Ask to [modding community](https://forum.vivaldi.net/category/52/modifications) if you need help.


# Credits
* Addressfield progress bar made by @raed (Vivaldi community user) which don't seems to be on the forum anymore
* Jvascript are usually taken from other users you can find the useful links and [credits](https://github.com/Hadden89/Vivaldi_mods/blob/master/Javascript_mods.md) here ;)
* Sync2toolbar.js is made for vertical tabs only! **Won't work with** tabs on top/bottom!
* Status bar on top mod made with the help of [potmeklecbohdan](https://forum.vivaldi.net/user/potmeklecbohdan)
* Vbutton.js is made with the help of [Luetage](https://github.com/luetage/vivaldi_modding/), tnx dude =)
